
«Herodotus» is a deep tweaked 1.12.2 expert tech & magic Minecraft modpack with FTB Quests.

Hero, Senior Experimentalist of Flandry General Biotech Co.

I am the artificial intelligence member of Flandry General Biotech Co., codenamed Kagami Shima.

"Among Human, Beyond Human". We will do our best for your happiness, forever.

Before the experiment begins, I will read to you for the last time the contract of the Project Herodotus, which was finally revised by the Bioethics Committee of Flandry General Biotech Co.

From the moment you enter the experimental device, we will, after storing your current memories, cover your consciousness with all the knowledge generated by human civilization so far.

We will seal your living organism into the life support device, while the consciousness will access the virtual world created by the hyperdimensional computer.

The goal of the experiment is to pioneer this beautiful unknown area of human civilization and to build this new world as a pioneer for all humanity.

__________
Your experimental task is that you need to use all your knowledge to pass the test of various **thaumic rituals**.

The virtual environment constructed for this experiment will be largely the same as the real world but will be modified in detail to a considerable extent.

In geological terms, the composition of natural minerals will be radically changed, and there will no longer be fragmented and discrete generation under the earth as in reality, but three efficiently dense ore veins will replace it.

In these three dense veins, there will be two fictitious substances codenamed "Geometric Crystals" and "Dyed Polymer".

Each of them has three variants, and it will be possible to efficiently process their mixtures into various metallic monomers through the right combination and proper processing.

Please keep in mind that efficiency is the credo of experiments, the capital of the Flandry Company, and the cornerstone of human development.

To test the acceptability of human beings to biochemically significant situations and hunting organisms, etc., several experimental subjects and anomalies in the stability process and entropy increase rate being measured in the Hyperdimension Laboratories were reproduced into the virtual environment.

The root cause of these two anomalous phenomena is something at the Thaumic level codenamed "Warp" and "Taint". Due to the need for experimental protocols, they are not described too much to prevent any possible interference with the experimental results.

In the anomalies constructing processes, purple is used as a warning color. If you witness any subject color containing a color that can be defined as purple, please STAY AWAY from the scene and DO NOT make any kind of contact with the subject.

Although your safety is not covered by the contract letter, you are still an important member of the Flandry Company and a pivotal player in Project Herodotus.

To ensure the purity of the experimental data, all guidelines and strategies for this experiment are formulated in an extremely materialistic direction, which means NO religious-related elements will be present in the test environment.

Please firmly believe that all phenomena in the test environment can be explained by material science and that miracles and supernatural phenomena DO NOT exist.

The above is a brief description of the composition of the experimental environment, and no further preliminaries will be made to ensure the purity of the experimental data.

__________
Build and design **complex automated devices** that produce resources, maintain and develop human outposts in the hyperdimensional computer world.

As the experiment progresses, the amount of work required will be much higher than the upper limit of what a human individual can handle, requiring you to gradually liberate your productivity through various means.

To this end, the Quantum Mechanics Department provided the blueprints of some cutting-edge equipment to assist you in the design of automation and related processes.

Please understand if some of them do not seem to involve any cutting-edge technology in the test environment because the transition from the real to the virtual world is extremely difficult and some details have to be omitted.

Among them, the system codenamed "Alchemy Pipe" is NOT YET completed, and you SHOULD NOT try to manufacture or use the relevant instruments in ANY form.

In the experimental indicators and process design, both the duality as the focus, in some features different from any existing experiments, the process is the essence of the subtle differences based on the characteristic modification.

In this way, a higher level of complexity and diversity is achieved, and unexpected and uncontrollable fatigue and boredom are avoided as much as possible with the addition of compensation mechanisms.

For example, the experiment uses the proposal of essence-mass reconstruction provided by the Bioenergy Department as a guiding principle to materialize the existence of essence-mass itself more profoundly.

In addition, for the experiment, the theory of reality and the source material doctrine were reconstructed in the experimental environment, and the values were measured by reacting to the disruption of the world's common sense.

Most of the laws of nature that you know in the real world will be reassembled in code from the brokenness, so please be ready to learn everything again.

The important indicators in the experiment and the solutions to them have been designed by a special process. At this stage, there is no existing solvable solution, please do not waste the arithmetic power of the hyperdimensional computer in this regard.

Due to the experiment deadline and the half-life of some core biochemical materials, the experiment had to start earlier than planned and there will be a considerable amount of unfinished content within the experimental environment.

You will not need to use and make these contents until after the external technicians have updated the environment accordingly.

You will be aware in a specific way every time updates and patches are made, and there is no need to worry about that.

The Flandry Company and the Project Herodotus Team will do their best to protect you in the real world and maintain your environment without interruption.

Once the experiment begins, everything in the real world will be of no concern to you, and you will only need to complete all the experiment targets in as little time as possible.

The sooner the experiment targets are met, the sooner you will return to the real world.

The Bioethics Committee of Flandry General Biotech Co. and the Project Herodotus Team will always have your back.

_________
You have confirmed that the final contract letter for the experimental program is correct.

Senior Experimentalist Hero, good luck.

The device is activated.

**Please, do close your eyes, and good night. **

_________
*"This experiment will open up bright prospects for the creation of a perfect, ideal world for mankind."*

*We will be free from all the limitations set for flesh and blood, and start a whole new history book, becoming an omniscient and omnipotent being in our world.*

*We are the glory of the Flandry Company, and even more the glory of all mankind." *

*"After the final discussion of the company's high board, we decided to abandon the search and rescue of the Herodotus Spaceship, indefinitely sealed all Project Herodotus-related information, the Project Herodotus is declared terminated." * 

* "Hero, I'll wait for your safe return..." *
________
Due to your permission level of [Guest], all the audio material you are authorized to listen to ends here.

Please wait in place for security personnel and DO NOT leave your current location, let alone attempt to obstruct security personnel in the performance of their duties.

I am the artificial intelligence member of Flandry General Biotech Co., codenamed Kagami Shima.

"Among Human, Beyond Human". We will do our best for your happiness, forever.
